Allowing $get() to get full array of current path (#13653)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/forms/docs/03-fields/13-builder.md

This is because `$get()` and `$set()`, by default, are scoped to the current builder item. This means that you are able to interact with another field inside that builder item easily without knowing which builder item the current form component belongs to.

The consequence of this is that you may be confused when you are unable to interact with a field outside the builder. We use `../` syntax to solve this problem - `$get('../../parent_field_name')`.

Consider your form has this data structure:

```php
[
    'client_id' => 1,

    'builder' => [
        'item1' => [
            'service_id' => 2,
        ],
    ],
]
```

You are trying to retrieve the value of `client_id` from inside the builder item.

`$get()` is relative to the current builder item, so `$get('client_id')` is looking for `$get('builder.item1.client_id')`.

You can use `../` to go up a level in the data structure, so `$get('../client_id')` is `$get('builder.client_id')` and `$get('../../client_id')` is `$get('client_id')`.

> The special case of `$get()` with no arguments, or `$get('')` or `$get('./')`, will always return the full data array for the current path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The special case of `$get()` with no arguments, or `$get('')` or `$get('./')`, will always return the full data array for the current builder item.
```
